Add API Reference (#2)
tyntec/botbuilder-adapter-tyntec-whatsapp: docs/TyntecWhatsAppAdapter.md

# `class TyntecWhatsAppAdapter extends BotAdapter`

> `TyntecWhatsAppAdapter` is an implementation of a bot adapter that can connect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TyntecWhatsAppAdapter` is an implementation of a bot adapter that connects
```

Author: Changed now: https://github.com/yet-another-radek/botbuilder-adapter-tyntec-whatsapp/compare/daa8a90..b6a7720#diff-718d41c98373839dad88f0ea2b5287076f51cdf8137ccf9de24219fe41a35cadR3

* [`public tyntecApikey: string`](#public-tyntecapikey-string)

Methods:
* [`public constructor(settings: ITyntecWhatsAppAdapterSettings)`](#public-constructorsettings-ityntecwhatsappadaptersettings)
* [`public processActivity(req: WebRequest, res: WebResponse, logic: (context: TurnContext) => Promise<any>): Promise<void>`](#public-processactivityreq-webrequest-res-webresponse-logic-context-turncontext--promiseany-promisevoid)
* [`public sendActivities(context: TurnContext, activities: Partial<Activity>[]): Promise<ResourceResponse[]>`](#public-sendactivitiescontext-turncontext-activities-partialactivity-promiseresourceresponse)
* [`public use(...middlewares: (MiddlewareHandler | Middleware)[]): TyntecWhatsAppAdapter`](#public-usemiddlewares-middlewarehandler--middleware-tyntecwhatsappadapter)
* [`protected parseTyntecWhatsAppMessageEvent(params: any, query: any, headers: any, body: ITyntecMoMessage): Promise<Partial<Activity>>`](#protected-parsetyntecwhatsappmessageeventparams-any-query-any-headers-any-body-ityntecmomessage-promisepartialactivity)

> For more information about bot adapters, see the Microsoft Bot Framework SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want more information about bot adapters, see the [Microsoft Bot Framework SDK](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/index-bf-sdk).
```

Author: Changed now: https://github.com/yet-another-radek/botbuilder-adapter-tyntec-whatsapp/compare/daa8a90..b6a7720#diff-718d41c98373839dad88f0ea2b5287076f51cdf8137ccf9de24219fe41a35cadR19

> documentation at https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/index-bf-sdk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Changed now: https://github.com/yet-another-radek/botbuilder-adapter-tyntec-whatsapp/compare/daa8a90..b6a7720#diff-718d41c98373839dad88f0ea2b5287076f51cdf8137ccf9de24219fe41a35cadR19

## `public axiosInstance: AxiosInstance`

Is an [Axios instance](https://github.com/axios/axios) used to send requests to
the tyntec Conversations API.

## `public maxBodySize: number`

Is the maximum size of the request body accepted in `processActivity`.

## `public onTurnError?: (context: TurnContext, error: Error) => Promise<void>`

Is an optional asynchronous error handler that can catch exceptions in the
middleware or application. The handler gets a `context` object for the turn and
the thrown `error`.

## `public tyntecApikey: string`

> Is a tyntec API key used to authenticate requests to the tyntec Conversations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Is a [tyntec API key](https://www.tyntec.com/docs/faq-whatsapp-business-onboarding-how-can-i-get-api-key-setup-my-whatsapp-business-account) used to authenticate requests to the tyntec Conversations
```

Author: Are you sure that the links are permanent (won't change in the future)? Otherwise, I'd rather link to https://www.tyntec.com/docs/docs-center-whatsapp-business-api-overview .

Reviewer: I think it is a permanent FAQ. At least for the next year or so. (Also when we change URLs, we used 301, so the link should work in the future.)

Author: Changed now: https://github.com/yet-another-radek/botbuilder-adapter-tyntec-whatsapp/compare/e36cc18..2025655

API.

## `public constructor(settings: ITyntecWhatsAppAdapterSettings)`

Initializes the adapter. It sets the `axiosInstance` property to the value of
`settings.axiosInstance`, the `maxBodySize` property to the value of
`settings.maxBodySize` and the `tyntecApikey` property to the value of
`settings.tyntecApikey`. If `settings.maxBodySize` is not provided, the
`maxBodySize` property is set to `1024` by default.

## `public processActivity(req: WebRequest, res: WebResponse, logic: (context: TurnContext) => Promise<any>): Promise<void>`

Asynchronously parses the [restify](http://restify.com/) or
[Express](http://expressjs.com/) request `req`, creates a turn context, passes
it through the middleware pipeline to the `logic` function and sets the
response `res`.

It is intended to be called from a function handler of a web server route that
is registered as a [tyntec inbound message webhook](https://www.tyntec.com/docs/docs-center-whatsapp-business-api-overview).

> At the moment, only a subset of [tyntec Webhook Events](https://api.tyntec.com/reference/conversations/current.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, the messages from [tyntec Webhook Events](https://api.tyntec.com/reference/conversations/current.html)
```

Author: Does it make any sense "the messages from webhook events"? The _events_ are the messages... Some of the events...

> is supported. These are events that meet the following criteria:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are supported. These are events that meet the following criteria:
```

  a sticker message (`body.content.contentType === "media" && body.content.media.type === "sticker"`) or
  a video message (`body.content.contentType === "media" && body.content.media.type === "video"`).

Supported events are turned into activities that are passed to the created turn
contexts. See [Activity.md](./Activity.md) to find out what activities may be
passed to the middleware pipeline and then to the `logic` function.

If the request is valid, the Webhook event is supported and neither the
middleware pipeline nor the `logic` function throws an error, the status code
of the response is set to 200. Otherwise, the status code is set to 500 and an
error message is written to the body.

## `public sendActivities(context: TurnContext, activities: Partial<Activity>[]): Promise<ResourceResponse[]>`

Asynchronously modifies the turn `context` and sends the set of outgoing
`activities` as WhatsApp messages.

It is intended to be called through the turn context and not directly from a
bot.

Returns an array of objects of `ResourceResponse` type containing IDs of the
delivered messages.

> At the moment, only a subset of activities is supported. See [Activity.md](./Activity.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Activity.md](./Activity.md)
```

Author: Changed now: https://github.com/yet-another-radek/botbuilder-adapter-tyntec-whatsapp/compare/daa8a90..b6a7720#diff-718d41c98373839dad88f0ea2b5287076f51cdf8137ccf9de24219fe41a35cadR100-R101

to find out what activities may be passed to `sendActivities`.

## `public use(...middlewares: (MiddlewareHandler | Middleware)[]): TyntecWhatsAppAdapter`

Adds the `middlewares` to the middleware pipeline and returns itself.

## `protected parseTyntecWhatsAppMessageEvent(params: any, query: any, headers: any, body: ITyntecMoMessage): Promise<Partial<Activity>>`

Maps the `params`, `query`, `headers` and `body` of the requests accepted by
[`processActivity`](#public-processactivityreq-webrequest-res-webresponse-logic-context-turncontext--promiseany-promisevoid)
to the corresponding activity object.

It is called by the [`public processActivity(req: WebRequest, res: WebResponse, logic: (context: TurnContext) => Promise<any>): Promise<void>`](#public-processactivityreq-webrequest-res-webresponse-logic-context-turncontext--promiseany-promisevoid)
method.

> At the moment, only a subset of activities is supported. See [Activity.md](./Activity.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Activity.md](./Activity.md)
```

Author: Changed now: https://github.com/yet-another-radek/botbuilder-adapter-tyntec-whatsapp/compare/daa8a90..b6a7720#diff-718d41c98373839dad88f0ea2b5287076f51cdf8137ccf9de24219fe41a35cadR118-R119
